README.md, before:

# mosfez-xen-synth

A microtonal-aware synth engine library for web.

**[Play the demo!](https://dxinteractive.github.io/mosfez-xen-synth/)**

**It's being built right now so it's probaby not finished and probably doesn't work or have fixed API or anything.**

## Development

This library is written in [typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) using the [elementary](https://www.elementary.audio/) sound engine.

It is bundled with `rollup`, formatted with `prettier`, linted with `eslint` and tested with `jest`.

You will need `node@16` or greater and `yarn@1` installed globally. You'll also need `yalc` installed globally if you want to publish the library into the `demo-yalc`. Clone the repo and run `yarn prep` to install deps and build. There's also:

- `/demo`: a demo site that compiles and uses the synth. This is set up as part of `yarn prep`.
- `/demo-yalc`: a demo site that uses `yalc` to allow ad-hoc testing that build and publish process works for consuming projects. This is set up as part of `yarn prep`.

Then you can run:

- `yarn build` to build the `*.ts` source files into `*.js` files and `*.d.ts` type files in `/dist`.
- `yarn test` to run tests using `jest`.
- `yarn pretty` to run the auto-formatter `prettier`.
- `yarn lint` to run the linter `eslint`.
- `cd demo && yarn dev` to run the demo

To simulate a publish with `/demo-yalc`, ensure you have `yalc` installed globally and then run `yarn update-yalc` and attempt to use the library in the vite site in `/demo-yalc`.

Commit message:

replace elementary with unwritten faust

README.md, after:

# mosfez-xen-synth

A (soon to be created) microtonal-aware synth engine library for web.

[Play the demo](https://dxinteractive.github.io/mosfez-xen-synth/), it might not work. It's early days yet.

## Installation

`npm install mosfez-xen-synth` or `yarn add mosfez-xen-synth`

Then you'll need to copy the files from `node_modules/mosfez-xen-synth/public` and put it in your projects public-facing root directory that will be accessible once deployed. e.g. if you are using Vite, put them in your Vite project's `public` directory. This library will make a request for `libfaust-wasm.wasm` and `libfaust-wasm.data` when it starts up, and will not work if those files can't be found.

## Usage

```js
import { MosfezXenSynth } from "mosfez-xen-synth/v0";

// the rest is TBC
```

## Development

This library is written in [typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) and [Faust](https://faust.grame.fr/).

It is bundled with `rollup`, formatted with `prettier`, linted with `eslint` and tested with `jest`.

You will need `node@16` or greater and `yarn@1` installed globally. There's also:

- `/demo`: a demo site that compiles and uses the synth. This is set up as part of `yarn prep`.

Then you can run:

- `yarn build` to build the `*.ts` source files into `*.js` files and `*.d.ts` type files in `/dist`.
- `yarn test` to run tests using `jest`.
- `yarn pretty` to run the auto-formatter `prettier`.
- `yarn lint` to run the linter `eslint`.
- `cd demo && yarn dev` to run the demo.
